Here you can put all information related to FDG, allowing for automatic patching based on what entities and blocks are in that level as well as a level's background and tileset. The triple minus mark signifies the start of a new FDG list, and the text afterwards is the "key" used as reference.

Ones that start with "StepMapData" will check if that scene contains that sequence, so "StepMapDataChallenge" will be patched into every scene containing that string, AKA every challenge stage. The longer the key, the more specific you can get.

"Common" is always patched in, and the other versions of Common are patched if the level contains at least one entity of that category.

Some objects change based on Tileset, such as pop flowers and arrow signs, so for my own convenience, Those variants of those objects are always patched in when using those specified tilesets. I'll be implementing a cleaner solution later.

--- Common
StepItAbilityStar.dn

--- StepMapDataChallenge
:MSG:Challenge.msbt
g3d/step/sfx/WipeChallenge.brres.cmp
g3d/step/info/score/Score50.brres.cmp
g3d/step/info/score/Score500minus.brres.cmp
lyt/step/challenge/TitleSword.arc.cmp

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage01
lyt/step/challenge/TitleSword.arc.cmp
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage03
lyt/step/challenge/TitleWhip.arc.cmp
StepHrAbKirbyWhip.dn

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage04
lyt/step/challenge/TitleWater.arc.cmp
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage06
lyt/step/challenge/TitleBomb.arc.cmp
StepHrAbKirbyBomb.dn

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage07
lyt/step/challenge/TitleWing.arc.cmp
StepHrAbKirbyWing.dn

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage08
lyt/step/challenge/TitleCarry.arc.cmp

--- StepMapDataChallengeStage10
lyt/step/challenge/TitleHighjump.arc.cmp
StepHrAbKirbyHighjump.dn

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel01
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime01.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorWhispy.brres.cmp

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel02
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime02.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorDoubter.brres.cmp

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel03
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime03.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorFattyBuffer.brres.cmp

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel04
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime04.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorGoliath.brres.cmp

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel05
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime05.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorGrantLowper.brres.cmp

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel06
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime06.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorMetalGeneral.brres.cmp

--- StepMapDataOtherLvmapLevel07
lyt/step/lvmap/Cutinanime07.arc.cmp
lyt/step/lvmap/Lastbattle.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorLandia.brres.cmp

--- objects/Common
effect/step/obj/PtGmkCommon.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkCommon.breft.cmp

--- carriables/Common
effect/step/obj/PtItem.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtItem.breft.cmp

--- items/Common
effect/step/obj/PtItem.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtItem.breft.cmp

--- bosses/Common
g3d/step/chara/enemy/StarEffect.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtEnemyCommon.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtEnemyCommon.breft.cmp
g3d/step/sfx/WipeStar.brres.cmp
g3d/step/sfx/CSArrow.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Common
effect/step/obj/PtEnemyCommon.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtEnemyCommon.breft.cmp

--- objects/Door
g3d/step/effect/gmkcommon/Door.brres.cmp

--- objects/Falling Background Object
g3d/step/gimmick/fallpole/Rock.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/fallpole/Ice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/fallpole/Machine.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/fallpole/Fire.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkFallPole.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkFallPole.breft.cmp

--- objects/Guide Sign
g3d/step/gimmick/GuideBoard.brres.cmp

--- objects/Locked Shutter Door
g3d/step/gimmick/LockShutter.brres.cmp

--- objects/Pop Flower
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlower.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Cherry.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Doughnut.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Grape.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Meat.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Sandwich.brres.cmp

--- objects/Dimension Hole
g3d/step/gimmick/WarpLowper.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/WarpLowperExit.brres.cmp

--- objects/Warp Star
g3d/step/gimmick/WarpStar.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/WarpStarDemo.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkWarpStar.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkWarpStar.breft.cmp

--- objects/Arrow Sign
g3d/step/gimmick/ArrowBoard.brres.cmp

--- objects/Rope Platform
g3d/step/gimmick/CutRope.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/CutRopeLand.brres.cmp

--- objects/Another Dimension Wall
effect/step/obj/PtDarkWall.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtDarkWall.breft.cmp
g3d/step/sfx/DarkWall.brres.cmp

--- objects/Wooden Stake
g3d/step/gimmick/Stake.brres.cmp

--- objects/One-Time Switch
g3d/step/gimmick/Switch.brres.cmp

--- objects/Toggle Switch
g3d/step/gimmick/Switch.brres.cmp

--- objects/Timer Switch
g3d/step/gimmick/Switch.brres.cmp

--- objects/Floating Cannon
g3d/step/gimmick/CannonBlow.brres.cmp

--- objects/Invisibility Stone Gate
g3d/step/gimmick/CrystalWall.brres.cmp

--- objects/Fuse
g3d/step/gimmick/Fuse.brres.cmp

--- objects/Fuse Cannon
g3d/step/gimmick/Cannon.brres.cmp

--- objects/Statue Block
effect/step/obj/PtGmkStatue.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkStatue.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Statue.brres.cmp

--- objects/Giant Rope
g3d/step/gimmick/SCutRope.brres.cmp

--- objects/Shutter Door
g3d/step/gimmick/Shutter.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/ShutterFactory.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/ShutterLaser.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/ShutterSuper.brres.cmp

--- objects/Light Block
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockLight.brres.cmp

--- objects/Hang Switch
g3d/step/gimmick/HangSwitch.brres.cmp

--- objects/Hang Rope
g3d/step/gimmick/RopeFlat.brres.cmp

--- objects/Flare Beam Switch
g3d/step/gimmick/BeamSwitchSuper.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBeamSwitch.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBeamSwitch.breft.cmp

--- objects/Lor Starcutter
g3d/step/gimmick/Ship.brres.cmp

--- objects/Magolor
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Mahoroa.brres.cmp
g3d/step/sfx/CSTalk.brres.cmp
:MSG:Ship.msbt

--- objects/Lor Starcutter Arrow Sign
g3d/step/gimmick/Guideplate.brres.cmp

--- objects/Large Wooden Stake
g3d/step/gimmick/StakeSuper.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkStake.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkStake.breft.cmp

--- objects/Grand Hammer Spring
g3d/step/gimmick/ScrewSuper.brres.cmp

--- objects/Lor Starcutter Monitor
effect/step/obj/PtShip.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtShip.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Monitor00.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Monitor01.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Monitor02.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Monitor03.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Monitor04.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Monitor05.brres.cmp

--- objects/Challenge Stage Door
effect/step/obj/PtShip.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtShip.breft.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Bomb.arc.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Highjump.arc.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Normal.arc.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Sword.arc.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Water.arc.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Whip.arc.cmp
lyt/common/abilitystaricon/Wing.arc.cmp
lyt/step/challengeship/Main.arc.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DoorChallenge.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/ChallengeBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/ChallengeIcon.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/SphereCount.brres.cmp

--- objects/Dropping Hazard
g3d/step/gimmick/Icicle.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Icicledrill.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Stalactite.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/StalactiteSea.brres.cmp

--- objects/Spinning Bar Hazard
g3d/step/gimmick/GuruguruRock.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Guruguru.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/FireBar.brres.cmp

--- objects/Breakable Roof
effect/step/obj/PtGmkCrushwall.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkCrushwall.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/CrushWallSuper.brres.cmp

--- objects/Giant Bomb Machine
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBombMachine.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBombMachine.breft.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMissile.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMissile.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Missile.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/BombMachine.brres.cmp

--- objects/Giant Bell
effect/step/obj/PtGmkCrushwallBellSuper.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkCrushwallBellSuper.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/CrushWallBellSuper.brres.cmp

--- objects/Rolling Rock Obstacle
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBall.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBall.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/BallRock.brres.cmp

--- objects/Rolling Spike Ball Obstacle
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBall.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBall.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/BallIron.brres.cmp

--- objects/Totem Pole Block
effect/step/obj/PtGmkTotempole.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkTotempole.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/TotemPoleSuper.brres.cmp

--- objects/Rolling Spike Wheel Obstacle
effect/step/obj/PtGmkAquaRock.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkAquaRock.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/AquaRock.brres.cmp

--- objects/Sandcastle Block
effect/step/obj/PtGmkSandCastleSuper.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkSandCastleSuper.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/SandCastleSuper.brres.cmp

--- objects/Lor Starcutter Door
effect/step/obj/PtShip.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtShip.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/SphereCount.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Doorsubgame01.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Doorsubgame01bamboo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Doorsubgame02.brres.cmp

--- objects/Bite Statue
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBiteStatue.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBiteStatue.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/BiteStatue.brres.cmp

--- objects/Pirate Ship Octopus
effect/step/obj/PtGmkOctpusShip.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkOctpusShip.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/OctpusShip.brres.cmp

--- objects/Rolling Shell Obstacle
effect/step/obj/PtGmkAquaRock.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkAquaRock.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/AquaRockSea.brres.cmp

--- objects/Press Machine
effect/step/obj/PtGmkPressMachine.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkPressMachine.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PressMachine.brres.cmp

--- objects/BG Popstar Portal
g3d/step/gimmick/FinalPopstar.brres.cmp

--- objects/Strike Box
effect/step/obj/PtStrikeBox.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtStrikeBox.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/StrikeBox.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/StrikeBoxL.brres.cmp

--- objects/Lava Geyser
effect/step/obj/PtGmkLavageyser.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkLavageyser.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/LavaGeyser.brres.cmp

--- objects/Rolling Ice Ball Obstacle
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBall.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkBall.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/BallIce.brres.cmp

--- objects/Giant Bowling Pin
effect/step/obj/PtIcePinPinata.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtIcePinPinata.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IcePin.brres.cmp

--- objects/Confetti Ball
effect/step/obj/PtIcePinPinata.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtIcePinPinata.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/Pinata.brres.cmp

--- objects/Medium Wooden Stake

--- objects/Snowman Body
effect/step/obj/PtGmkSnowmanBody.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGmkSnowmanBody.breft.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/SnowmanBody.brres.cmp

--- objects/Circuit End

--- objects/Circuit Block

--- objects/Dangerous Dinner Sun/AD Meteo
effect/step/obj/PtSun.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtSun.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sun.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sun.brres.cmp
--- FINISH

--- objects/Injection Box

--- objects/Salamander Head

--- objects/Salamander Part

--- objects/Key Dee
StepItLockKey.dn
effect/step/obj/PtEnemyCommon.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtEnemyCommon.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/CarryDee.brres.cmp

--- objects/Sliceable Volcano

--- objects/Sliceable Magma Pillar

--- objects/Freezable Volcano

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star
g3d/step/item/abilitystar/Base.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/abilitystar/Sword.brres.cmp

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[1]
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[2]
StepHrAbKirbyCutter.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[3]
StepHrAbKirbyLeaf.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[4]
StepHrAbKirbyWhip.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[5]
StepHrAbKirbyFire.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[6]
StepHrAbKirbyNeedle.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[7]
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[8]
StepHrAbKirbySpark.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[9]
StepHrAbKirbyStone.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[10]
StepHrAbKirbySleep.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[11]
StepHrAbKirbyParasol.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[12]
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[13]
StepHrAbKirbyHighjump.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[14]
StepHrAbKirbyTornado.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[15]
StepHrAbKirbyBomb.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[16]
StepHrAbKirbySpear.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[17]
StepHrAbKirbyHammer.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[18]
StepHrAbKirbyIce.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[19]
StepHrAbKirbyWing.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[20]
StepHrAbKirbyNinja.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[21]
StepHrAbKirbyFighter.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[22]
StepHrAbKirbyCrash.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[23]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[24]
StepHrAbKirbyLandia.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[25]
StepHrAbKirbySuperSword.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[26]
StepHrAbKirbySuperFire.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[27]
StepHrAbKirbySuperBeam.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[28]
StepHrAbKirbySuperHammer.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[29]
StepHrAbKirbySuperIce.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[30]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- carriables/Bouncing Ability Star_a.[31]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- carriables/Key
StepItLockKey.dn

--- carriables/Maxim Tomato Box
StepItMTomatoBox.dn

--- carriables/Candle
StepItCandle.dn

--- carriables/Cracker
StepItCracker.dn

--- carriables/Invisibility Stone
StepItInvisibleStone.dn

--- carriables/Balloon Bomb
StepItBalloonBomb.dn

--- carriables/Stomper Boot
StepItStepShoe.dn

--- carriables/Prism Shield
StepItPrismShield.dn

--- carriables/Maxim Tomato Box (Alt)
StepItMTomatoBox.dn

--- items/Point Star
g3d/step/item/StarPart.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/OneUpGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsGetEx.brres.cmp

--- items/1-UP
g3d/step/item/OneUp.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/OneUpGet.brres.cmp

--- items/Maxim Tomato
g3d/step/item/MaxTomato.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[0]
g3d/step/item/food/Cherry.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[1]
g3d/step/item/food/Humburger.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[2]
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[3]
g3d/step/item/food/Meat.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[4]
g3d/step/item/food/Potato.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[5]
g3d/step/item/food/Banana.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[6]
g3d/step/item/food/Grape.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[7]
g3d/step/item/food/Pineapple.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[8]
g3d/step/item/food/Doughnut.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[9]
g3d/step/item/food/Hotdog.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[10]
g3d/step/item/food/Pudding.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[11]
g3d/step/item/food/Tomato.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[12]
g3d/step/item/food/Candy.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[13]
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[14]
g3d/step/item/food/ChocoCake.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[15]
g3d/step/item/food/Curry.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[16]
g3d/step/item/food/LemonJuice.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[17]
g3d/step/item/food/Omelet.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[18]
g3d/step/item/food/Pizza.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[19]
g3d/step/item/food/Sandwich.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[20]
g3d/step/item/food/ShortCake.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[21]
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[22]
g3d/step/item/food/FriedRice.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[23]
g3d/step/item/food/Gyoza.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[24]
g3d/step/item/food/Spaghetti.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[25]
g3d/step/item/food/CupCake.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[26]
g3d/step/item/food/DoughnutPink.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[27]
g3d/step/item/food/HotCake.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[28]
g3d/step/item/food/Icecream.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[29]
g3d/step/item/food/Parfait.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[30]
g3d/step/item/food/Sousage.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[31]
g3d/step/item/food/Tea.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[32]
g3d/step/item/food/Nikuman.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[33]
g3d/step/item/food/Milk.brres.cmp

--- items/Food_b.[34]
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp

--- items/Energy Sphere
g3d/step/item/EnergySphere.brres.cmp

--- items/Invincibility Candy
g3d/step/item/InvincibleCandy.brres.cmp

--- items/Red Point Star
g3d/step/item/StarPart.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/OneUpGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsMiddleGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsMiddleGetEx.brres.cmp

--- items/Blue Point Star
g3d/step/item/StarPart.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/OneUpGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsLargeGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsLargeGetEx.brres.cmp

--- items/Copy Essence
g3d/step/item/abilitystar/Base.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/abilitystar/Sword.brres.cmp

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[1]
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[2]
StepHrAbKirbyCutter.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[3]
StepHrAbKirbyLeaf.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[4]
StepHrAbKirbyWhip.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[5]
StepHrAbKirbyFire.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[6]
StepHrAbKirbyNeedle.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[7]
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[8]
StepHrAbKirbySpark.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[9]
StepHrAbKirbyStone.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[10]
StepHrAbKirbySleep.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[11]
StepHrAbKirbyParasol.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[12]
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[13]
StepHrAbKirbyHighjump.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[14]
StepHrAbKirbyTornado.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[15]
StepHrAbKirbyBomb.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[16]
StepHrAbKirbySpear.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[17]
StepHrAbKirbyHammer.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[18]
StepHrAbKirbyIce.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[19]
StepHrAbKirbyWing.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[20]
StepHrAbKirbyNinja.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[21]
StepHrAbKirbyFighter.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[22]
StepHrAbKirbyCrash.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[23]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[24]
StepHrAbKirbyLandia.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[25]
StepHrAbKirbySuperSword.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[26]
StepHrAbKirbySuperFire.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[27]
StepHrAbKirbySuperBeam.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[28]
StepHrAbKirbySuperHammer.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[29]
StepHrAbKirbySuperIce.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[30]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- items/Copy Essence_b.[31]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- items/Challenge Coin_b.[0]
StepItScoreCoin.dn
g3d/step/info/score/Score100.brres.cmp

--- items/Challenge Coin_b.[1]
StepItScoreCoin.dn
g3d/step/info/score/Score1000.brres.cmp

--- items/Maxim Tomato (Alt)
g3d/step/item/MaxTomato.brres.cmp

--- items/Lor Part_b.[0]
g3d/step/item/FlyShipOar.brres.cmp

--- items/Lor Part_b.[1]
g3d/step/item/FlyShipWingR.brres.cmp

--- items/Lor Part_b.[2]
g3d/step/item/FlyShipWingL.brres.cmp

--- items/Lor Part_b.[3]
g3d/step/item/FlyShipFigureHead.brres.cmp

--- items/Lor Part_b.[4]
g3d/step/item/FlyShipMast.brres.cmp

--- items/Super Ability Star
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Base.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Sword.brres.cmp

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[1]
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[2]
StepHrAbKirbyCutter.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[3]
StepHrAbKirbyLeaf.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[4]
StepHrAbKirbyWhip.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[5]
StepHrAbKirbyFire.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[6]
StepHrAbKirbyNeedle.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[7]
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[8]
StepHrAbKirbySpark.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[9]
StepHrAbKirbyStone.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[10]
StepHrAbKirbySleep.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[11]
StepHrAbKirbyParasol.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[12]
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[13]
StepHrAbKirbyHighjump.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[14]
StepHrAbKirbyTornado.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[15]
StepHrAbKirbyBomb.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[16]
StepHrAbKirbySpear.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[17]
StepHrAbKirbyHammer.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[18]
StepHrAbKirbyIce.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[19]
StepHrAbKirbyWing.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[20]
StepHrAbKirbyNinja.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[21]
StepHrAbKirbyFighter.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[22]
StepHrAbKirbyCrash.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[23]
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[24]
StepHrAbKirbyLandia.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[25]
StepHrAbKirbySuperSword.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[26]
StepHrAbKirbySuperFire.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[27]
StepHrAbKirbySuperBeam.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[28]
StepHrAbKirbySuperHammer.dn

--- items/Super Ability Star_b.[29]
StepHrAbKirbySuperIce.dn

--- items/Energy Sphere (Red Point Star)
g3d/step/item/EnergySphere.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/OneUpGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsMiddleGet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/common/StarPartsMiddleGetEx.brres.cmp

--- items/Energy Sphere (Empty)
g3d/step/item/EnergySphere.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Sphere Doomer
g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/Motion.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtCatchEn.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtCatchEn.breft.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLowper.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLowper.breft.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/lowper/LowperShot.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Sphere Doomer_l.[0]
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv1Ex.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv1.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Sphere Doomer_l.[1]
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv2Ex.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv2.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/lowperlv2/LowperShotLv2.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Sphere Doomer_l.[2]
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv3Ex.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv3.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/lowperlv2a/LowperShotLv2A.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Sphere Doomer_l.[3]
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv4Ex.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/lowper/ModelLv4.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/lowperlv3/LowperShotLv3.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/lowperlv4ex/IceShot.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/lowper/IceBlizzard.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Whispy Woods
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/whispy/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/whispy/Model.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtTornado.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtTornado.breft.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtWhispy.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtWhispy.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/whispy/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/whispyapple/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/whispyapple/ModelPoison.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/whispyapple/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Bront.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Como.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Dee.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Gordo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Scarfy.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/FlyShipOar.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/tornado/Attack.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/whispy/BigVacuum.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/whispy/Tear.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/como/Thread.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/whispy/breath/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/whispy/breath/ModelEx.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/whispy/breath/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/whispy/Root.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Gigant Edge
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/gigantedge/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/gigantedge/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/gigantedge/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/sword/GigantEdgeAttack.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Mr. Dooter
StepBsBoss_Doubter.dn

--- bosses/Water Galboros
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/watergalboros/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/watergalboros/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/watergalboros/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/wgalbo/Water.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/wgalbo/WaterWarp.brres.cmp

--- bosses/King Doo
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/beholdoo/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/beholdoo/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/beholdoo/Motion.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Kibble Blade
StepHrAbKirbyCutter.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/zankibble/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/zankibble/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/zankibble/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/zankibble/Cutter.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Bonkers
StepHrAbKirbyHammer.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/bonkers/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/bonkers/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/bonkers/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/bonkers/Coconutbomb.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Bonkers_super
StepHrAbKirbySuperHammer.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/bonkers/ModelSpEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/bonkers/ModelSp.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/bonkers/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/bonkers/Coconutbomb.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Base.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Sword.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Dubior
StepHrAbKirbySpark.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/dubior/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/dubior/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/dubior/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/dubiorjr/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/dubiorjr/ModelEx.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/dubiorjr/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/dubior/Spark.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Grand Doomer
StepBsBoss_GrandLowper.dn

--- bosses/Moundo
StepHrAbKirbyStone.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/moundeath/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/moundeath/Model.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMoundeath.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMoundeath.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/moundeath/Motion.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Metal General
StepBsBoss_MetalGeneral.dn

--- bosses/Fatty Puffer
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/fattybuffer/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/fattybuffer/Model.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtFattyBuffer.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtFattyBuffer.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Blipper.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/fattybuffer/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/fattybufferjr/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/fattybufferjr/ModelEx.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/fattybufferjr/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/FattyBufferStalactite.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/fattybuffer/WaterCannon.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/fattybuffer/Watermain.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/fattybuffer/Waterwarp.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/FlyShipWingL.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Goriath
StepHrAbKirbyIce.dn
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/goliath/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/goliath/Model.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGoliath.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGoliath.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/goliath/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/GoliathIceball.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/GoliathIcicle.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/GoliathSnowball.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/goliath/Howl.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/FlyShipFigureHead.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Lor Starcutter
:EXFlag:g3d/step/chara/enemy/goliath/ModelEx.brres.cmp:g3d/step/chara/enemy/goliath/Model.brres.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMahoroaBattle1.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMahoroaBattle1.breft.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtRoah.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtRoah.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/mahoroabattle1/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/mahoroabattle1/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/roah/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/roah/AppearWarpHole.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/roah/EnergyBarrier.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/roah/Jet.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/roah/Tornado.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/roah/TornadoEnd.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roah/Energysphere.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roah/Oar.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roah/Star.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roah/Wing.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roahex/Energysphere.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roahex/Oar.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roahex/Star.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/roahex/Wing.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Magolor
StepBsBoss_MahoroahBattle1.dn

--- bosses/Landia
effect/step/obj/PtLandia.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLandia.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/landia/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/landia/ModelEx.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/landia/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/landiasingle/Model.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/landiasingle/ModelEx.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/landiasingle/Motion.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/landia/Grandcross.brres.cmp
g3d/step/sfx/CSTalk.brres.cmp

--- bosses/Magolor Soul
StepBsBoss_MahoroahBattle2.dn

--- bosses/HR-D3/Metal General (Story)
StepBsBoss_MetalGeneral.dn

--- bosses/Galacta Knight
effect/step/obj/PtGalactic.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGalactic.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Galactic.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/galactic/Attack.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/galactic/SuperAura.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/galactic/Tornado.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/galactic/Crystal.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/galactic/RevolutionSword.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Sir Kibble
StepHrAbKirbyCutter.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sirkibble.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/sirkibble/Cutter.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Bronto Burt
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Bront.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Waddle Dee
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Dee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Blade Knight
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Blade.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/sword/BladeAttack.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/sword/Bladedoubleattack.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Blade Knight_super
StepHrAbKirbySuperSword.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/SpBlade.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Base.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Sword.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Cappy
effect/step/obj/PtCappy.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtCappy.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Cappy.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/CappyHat.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Hothead
StepHrAbKirbyFire.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Hothead.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/hothead/HotHeadFire.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Hothead_super
StepEnHotheadSuper.dn
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Base.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Knuckle Joe
StepHrAbKirbyFighter.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Joe.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Puppet Dee
effect/step/obj/PtPuppetDee.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtPuppetDee.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/PuppetDee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Armor Dee
effect/step/obj/PtArmorDee.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtArmorDee.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/ArmorDee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Como
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Como.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/como/Thread.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Gordo
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Gordo.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Togekuki
StepHrAbKirbyNeedle.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Togekuki.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Whippy
StepHrAbKirbyWhip.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Whippy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Pacto
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Pacto.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Shotzo
effect/step/obj/PtShotzo.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtShotzo.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Shotzo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/Shotzo/Shot.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Leafan
StepHrAbKirbyLeaf.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Leafan.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/leafan/Leafanseed.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Waddle Doo
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Doo.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Waddle Doo_super
StepHrAbKirbySuperBeam.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/SpDoo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Base.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Bouncy
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Bouncy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Sparky
StepHrAbKirbySpark.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sparky.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Needlous
StepHrAbKirbyNeedle.dn

--- enemies/Broom Hatter
effect/step/obj/PtBroom.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtBroom.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Broom.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Scarfy
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Scarfy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Nruff
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Nruff.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Flamer
StepHrAbKirbyFire.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Flamer.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Tick
StepHrAbKirbyNeedle.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Tick.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Water Galbo
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Wgalbo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/wgalbo/Water.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/wgalbo/WaterWarp.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Rocky
StepHrAbKirbyStone.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Rocky.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Bulby
StepHrAbKirbyLeaf.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Bulby.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Starman
StepHrAbKirbyHighjump.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Starman.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Twister
StepHrAbKirbyTornado.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Twister.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Poppy Bros Jr
StepHrAbKirbyBomb.dn
effect/step/obj/PtBomb.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtBomb.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/PoppyJr.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/poppyjr/Bomb.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Noddy
StepHrAbKirbySleep.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Noddy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Cerulean
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Cerulean.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Blipper
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Blipper.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Gigatzo
effect/step/obj/PtGigatzo.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGigatzo.breft.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGigatzoBomb.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGigatzoBomb.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Gigatzo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/gigatzo/Bomb.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Babut
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Babut.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Glunk
effect/step/obj/PtGlunk.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtGlunk.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Glunk.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/glunk/Shot.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Bouncy Sis
g3d/step/chara/enemy/SisterBound.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Mumbies
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Mumbies.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Parasol Waddle Dee
StepHrAbKirbyParasol.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Dee.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Parasol.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Kabu
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Kabu.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Parasol Waddle Doo
StepEnParasoldoo.dn

--- enemies/Mopoo
effect/step/obj/PtMopoo.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtMopoo.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Mopoo.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Foley
StepHrAbKirbyLeaf.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Foley.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/foley/Leaf.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Juckle
StepHrAbKirbyCutter.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Juckle.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/juckle/Cutter.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Bowby
effect/step/obj/PtBowby.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtBowby.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Bowby.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/bowby/Arrow.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Owgulf
StepHrAbKirbyWing.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Owgulf.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/owgulf/Feather.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Degout
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Degout.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Sheld
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sheld.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Lanzer
StepHrAbKirbySpear.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Lanzer.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Chilly
StepHrAbKirbyIce.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Chilly.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Chilly_super
StepEnChillySuper.dn
g3d/step/item/spabilitystar/Base.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Moonja
StepHrAbKirbyNinja.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Tsukikage.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/tsukikage/Shuriken.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Pluid
StepHrAbKirbyWater.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Pluid.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Gemra
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Gemra.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Wapod Pot
effect/step/obj/PtWapod.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtWapod.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Wapod.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/WapodPod.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Volttzo
effect/step/obj/PtVolttzo.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtVolttzo.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Volttzo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/volttzo/Bomb.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Barbar
effect/step/obj/PtBarbar.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtBarbar.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Barbar.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Barracu
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Barracu.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Squishy
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Squishy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Clayn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Clayn.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Pierce
StepHrAbKirbySpear.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Pierce.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Searches
StepHrAbKirbyCrash.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Searches.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Walky
StepHrAbKirbyMike.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Walky.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Elec
StepHrAbKirbySpark.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Elec.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Rope Waddle Dee
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Dee.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/rope/Swingrope.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Rope Waddle Doo
StepHrAbKirbyBeam.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Doo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/rope/Swingrope.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Sodory
StepHrAbKirbySword.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sodory.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/sword/SodoryAttack.brres.cmp
g3d/step/effect/sword/SodoryAttackAir.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Galbo
StepHrAbKirbyFire.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Galbo.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Snowl
StepHrAbKirbyIce.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Snowl.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Halcandle Dee
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Halcandledee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Coldtzo
effect/step/obj/PtColdtzo.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtColdtzo.breft.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtColdtzoBomb.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtColdtzoBomb.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Coldtzo.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/coldtzo/Bomb.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Coconut Bomb
g3d/step/weapon/bonkers/Coconutbomb.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Craby
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Craby.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Pacloud
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Pacloud.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Iron Barbar
effect/step/obj/PtIronBarbar.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtIronBarbar.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/IronBarbar.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Walf
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Walf.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Larpa
effect/step/obj/PtLarpa.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLarpa.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Larpa.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Liepa
effect/step/obj/PtLiepa.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLiepa.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Liepa.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/Liepa/Shot.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Lupa
effect/step/obj/PtLupa.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLupa.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Lupa.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/Lupa/Shot.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Leaper
effect/step/obj/PtLeaper.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtLeaper.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Leaper.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/Leaper/ThornShot.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/Leaper/Shot.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Halcandran Bronto Burt
g3d/step/chara/enemy/HalcantBurt.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Halcandran Armor Dee
effect/step/obj/PtHalcandlearmordee.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtHalcandlearmordee.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/HalcandleArmorDee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Waddle Dee on Nruff
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Nruff.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Dee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Hunter Degout
g3d/step/chara/enemy/ChaseKeyDegout.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Hunter Scarfy
g3d/step/chara/enemy/ChaseKeyScarfy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Key Dee (Without Key)
g3d/step/chara/enemy/CarryDee.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Sandbag
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Sandbag.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Parasol Halcandle Dee
StepHrAbKirbyParasol.dn
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Halcandledee.brres.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/Parasol.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Halcandran Bouncy
g3d/step/chara/enemy/HalcanBouncy.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Halcandran Bowby
effect/step/obj/PtHalcanBowby.breff.cmp
effect/step/obj/PtHalcanBowby.breft.cmp
g3d/step/chara/enemy/HalcanBowby.brres.cmp
g3d/step/weapon/halcanbowby/Arrow.brres.cmp

--- enemies/Whispy Apple

--- enemies/Poison Whispy Apple

--- enemies/Mr. Dooter Skull

--- enemies/Mr. Dooter Flaming Skull

--- enemies/Mr. Dooter Snake

--- enemies/Mr. Dooter Bomb

--- enemies/Enemy Parasol

--- enemies/Dubior Jr.

--- enemies/Poppy Jr. Bomb
StepHrAbKirbyBomb.dn

--- enemies/Grand Doomer Shot

--- enemies/Kibble Blade Cutter

--- enemies/Bonkers Coconut Bomb

--- enemies/Dubior Spark

--- enemies/Metal General Drone

--- enemies/Metal General Drone (Alt)

--- enemies/Metal General Bomb

--- enemies/Metal General Missile

--- enemies/Metal General Patriot Missile

--- enemies/Metal General Spark Bomb

--- enemies/Fatty Puffer Jr

--- enemies/Fatty Puffer Stalactite

--- enemies/Goriath Snowball

--- enemies/Goriath Ice Ball

--- enemies/Goriath Icicle

--- enemies/Missile

--- enemies/Magolor Phase 1 Revolution Sphere

--- enemies/Magolor Phase 1 Projectile Doomer

--- enemies/Wapod

--- enemies/Magolor

--- blocks/Star
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockStar.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone 2x2
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super Top 2x2
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone 3x3
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super (Alt)
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super 2x2
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Tree Top
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Tree Bottom
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Giant Tree Right Corner
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Giant Tree Bottom
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Giant Tree Left Corner
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Bomb
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockBomb.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Bomb Chain
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockChainBreak.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Bomb Generated
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockChainGenerate.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone 4x4
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Tree
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone Reverse T
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone T
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone Stair Left
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone 3x1
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone 1x3
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone 2x4x4x2
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Breakable
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockChip.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Stone Stair Right
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHeavy.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Fire
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockFire.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Crumble
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockCrumble.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Metal
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHard.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Ice
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockIce.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Snow
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockSnow.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Snow (Wide)
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockSnow.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Iced Snow
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockGIce.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Iced Snow (Wide)
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockGIce.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Gold 2x2
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHardBig.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Giant Tree Right
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Giant Tree
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Giant Tree Left
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Tree Bottom (Alt)
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Tree (Alt)
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Log.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Metal Crumble
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockCrumbleFactory.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super (Alt 2)
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super 1x2
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super 2x2 (Alt)
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super 4x2
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Gold 3x3
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockHardBig.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Fire (Fragile)
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockFire.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super Top
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super Top 2x2 (Alt)
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super 4x4
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Super 3x3
g3d/step/gimmick/blockland/Grass.brres.cmp

--- blocks/Fire 2x2 (Fragile)
g3d/step/gimmick/BlockFireL.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Cave
g3d/step/map/cave/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Grass
g3d/step/map/grass/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Log
g3d/step/map/log/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/GCK Beach
g3d/step/map/gckbeach/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/GCK Canyon
g3d/step/map/gckcanyon/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/GCK Snow MT
g3d/step/map/gcksnowmt/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Lowper
g3d/step/map/lowper/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Desert
g3d/step/map/desert/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Cave Normal
g3d/step/map/cavenormal/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Oasis
g3d/step/map/oasis/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 1
g3d/step/map/levelmap1/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Air Fort
g3d/step/map/airfort/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Air Temple
g3d/step/map/airtemple/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Air Island
g3d/step/map/airisland/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Bridge
g3d/step/map/bridge/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Factory
g3d/step/map/factory/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/GCK Cloud
g3d/step/map/gckcloud/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Ice Building
g3d/step/map/icebldg/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Ice Cave
g3d/step/map/icecave/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Lava
g3d/step/map/lava/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Pyramid
g3d/step/map/pyramid/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Sea
g3d/step/map/sea/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Sea Temple
g3d/step/map/seatemple/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Snow
g3d/step/map/snow/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Subway
g3d/step/map/subway/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Sun
g3d/step/map/sun/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Volcano
g3d/step/map/volcano/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Lowper2
g3d/step/map/lowper2/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 2
g3d/step/map/levelmap2/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 3
g3d/step/map/levelmap3/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 4
g3d/step/map/levelmap4/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 5
g3d/step/map/levelmap5/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 6
g3d/step/map/levelmap6/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Level Map 7
g3d/step/map/levelmap7/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Shooting
g3d/step/map/shooting/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Final
g3d/step/map/final/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 01
g3d/step/map/challenge01/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 02
g3d/step/map/challenge02/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 03
g3d/step/map/challenge03/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 04
g3d/step/map/challenge04/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 05
g3d/step/map/challenge05/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 06
g3d/step/map/challenge06/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Challenge 07
g3d/step/map/challenge07/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Landia
g3d/step/map/landia/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/GCK Cloud 2
g3d/step/map/gckcloud2/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/GCK Canyon 2
g3d/step/map/gckcanyon2/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Halcandra
g3d/step/map/halcandra/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Pop Star
g3d/step/map/popstar/Bg.brres.cmp

--- backgrounds/Sea Temple 2
g3d/step/map/seatemple2/Bg.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Cave
g3d/step/map/cave/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Grass
g3d/step/map/grass/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Log
g3d/step/map/log/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/GCK Beach
g3d/step/map/gckbeach/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/CaveBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Candy.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Milk.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Pineapple.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Banana.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerSea.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Lowper
g3d/step/map/lowper/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Desert
g3d/step/map/desert/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DesertBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Hotdog.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Humburger.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Potato.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Nikuman.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerDesert.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Cave Normal
g3d/step/map/cavenormal/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Oasis
g3d/step/map/oasis/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DesertBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Hotdog.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Humburger.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Potato.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Nikuman.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerDesert.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 1
g3d/step/map/levelmap1/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Air Fort
g3d/step/map/airfort/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChocoCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/DoughnutPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Parfait.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Pudding.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerAir.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Air Temple
g3d/step/map/airtemple/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChocoCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/DoughnutPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Parfait.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Pudding.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerAir.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Air Island
g3d/step/map/airisland/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChocoCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/DoughnutPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Parfait.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Pudding.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerAir.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Bridge
g3d/step/map/bridge/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IronBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/FriedRice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Gyoza.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Spaghetti.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Omelet.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Factory
g3d/step/map/factory/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IronBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/FriedRice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Gyoza.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Spaghetti.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Omelet.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Ice Building
g3d/step/map/icebldg/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IceBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/CupCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ShortCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Tea.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerIce.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Ice Cave
g3d/step/map/icecave/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IceBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/CupCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ShortCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Tea.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerIce.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Lava
g3d/step/map/lava/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/VolcanoBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Meat.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Curry.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Icecream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerVolcano.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Pyramid
g3d/step/map/pyramid/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/DesertBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Hotdog.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Humburger.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Potato.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Nikuman.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerDesert.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Sea
g3d/step/map/sea/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/CaveBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Candy.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Milk.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Pineapple.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Banana.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerSea.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Sea Temple
g3d/step/map/seatemple/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/CaveBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Candy.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Milk.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Pineapple.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Banana.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerSea.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Snow
g3d/step/map/snow/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IceBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/CupCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ShortCake.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Tea.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerIce.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Subway
g3d/step/map/subway/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/IronBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/ChineseNoodles.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/FriedRice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Gyoza.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Spaghetti.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Omelet.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Sun
g3d/step/map/sun/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/VolcanoBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Meat.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Curry.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Icecream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerVolcano.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Volcano
g3d/step/map/volcano/Parts.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/VolcanoBoard.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Meat.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/SoftCreamPink.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Curry.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Icecream.brres.cmp
g3d/step/item/food/Juice.brres.cmp
g3d/step/gimmick/PopFlowerVolcano.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 2
g3d/step/map/levelmap2/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 3
g3d/step/map/levelmap3/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 4
g3d/step/map/levelmap4/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 5
g3d/step/map/levelmap5/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 6
g3d/step/map/levelmap6/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Level Map 7
g3d/step/map/levelmap7/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Challenge
g3d/step/map/challenge/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Ship
g3d/step/map/ship/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Shooting
g3d/step/map/shooting/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Final
g3d/step/map/final/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Landia
g3d/step/map/landia/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Desert 2
g3d/step/map/desert2/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Landia 2
g3d/step/map/landia2/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Room
g3d/step/map/room/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Room 2
g3d/step/map/room2/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Halcandra
g3d/step/map/halcandra/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Air Temple 2
g3d/step/map/airtemple2/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Hex
g3d/step/map/hex/Parts.brres.cmp

--- tilesets/Pop Star
g3d/step/map/popstar/Parts.brres.cmp